README.md, before:

# Just One Look GitHub Pages Site

## The Just One Look Method
The Just One Look Method is an extremely simple approach to mental suffering unlike anything you have ever tried. It will rid you of the root cause of your dissatisfaction with life and the painful yearning for peace and fulfillment that seems never to be fully satisfied.

The Just One Look Method is the result of over twenty years of experience working with people all over the world who have seen their relationship with their own lives change dramatically for the better.

## Contributing and Volunteering to Maintain The Site

### Cheat Sheet
Each page *must* contain these lines in the beginning of the document:

**Standard pages:**
```
default
title: Your Page Title
parent: The Parent Section Name  # (Optional: Only if this page belongs inside a folder)
nav_order: 1                     # (Optional: Lower numbers appear higher in the menu)
---
```

**For parent pages (pages that will contain sub-pages):**
```
---
layout: default
title: Education
has_children: true
nav_order: 2
---
```

#### License
© 2000-2026 Just One Look Foundation. This website and all its contents are licensed under a Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0) License unless otherwise noted. The material on this website may be freely copied and distributed providing that this copyright notice - including the website address - is included in full. This material may not be included in any publication offered for sale without the written agreement of the copyright holder. For further information on this and related articles please visit our Copyright Page.

Commit message:

Add contributing guide to README
Added a section on contributing and volunteering to the README.

README.md, after:

# Just One Look GitHub Pages Site

## The Just One Look Method
The Just One Look Method is an extremely simple approach to mental suffering unlike anything you have ever tried. It will rid you of the root cause of your dissatisfaction with life and the painful yearning for peace and fulfillment that seems never to be fully satisfied.

The Just One Look Method is the result of over twenty years of experience working with people all over the world who have seen their relationship with their own lives change dramatically for the better.

## Contributing and Volunteering to Maintain The Site
This guide explains how to add content to our site. We use a system called Just the Docs. You don't need to know code, but you do need to follow these specific rules.

### Cheat Sheet
Each page *must* contain these lines in the beginning of the document:

**Standard pages:**
```
default
title: Your Page Title
parent: The Parent Section Name  # (Optional: Only if this page belongs inside a folder)
nav_order: 1                     # (Optional: Lower numbers appear higher in the menu)
---
```

**For parent pages (pages that will contain sub-pages):**
```
---
layout: default
title: Education
has_children: true
nav_order: 2
---
```

#### License
© 2000-2026 Just One Look Foundation. This website and all its contents are licensed under a Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0) License unless otherwise noted. The material on this website may be freely copied and distributed providing that this copyright notice - including the website address - is included in full. This material may not be included in any publication offered for sale without the written agreement of the copyright holder. For further information on this and related articles please visit our Copyright Page.
